# Codex Assisted System Development

## Table of content
1. [**Using OpenAI Codex to Develop Web and Micro Services using Python:**](https://github.com/fromsantanu/Codex-Development/blob/main/Web-Micro-Services/README.md) Backend systems are used to host all business and database logic they can be very complex. However given proper instruction to Codex, it can not only develop your programs, it can effactively organise, review and test your codes that you develop. It can also enhance the existing system to add new features and functionalities. This section will tell you how to write effective prompts to generate a reliable and secured backend system
2. [**Using OpeAI Codex for Agentic Development with LangChain and LangGraph:**](https://github.com/fromsantanu/Codex-Development/blob/main/LangChain-LangGraph-Services/README.md) Langchain echo system helps you to build agent driven systems. Buiding them effectively requires strong knowledge of the LangGhain framework and foundational knowledge about agentic systems. This tutorial teaches how to instruct OpenAI Codex to work like a very skillful and knowlegeable assistant and work for you to deliver the right kind of results you may be looking for.  
2. [**Using OpeAI Codex for building Frontend systems with Python and tying them with the backeend systems that already exists:**](https://github.com/fromsantanu/Codex-Development/blob/main/LangChain-LangGraph-Services/README.md) Frontend systems the mediator between the human users and the backend. This tutorial will help you to use Codex to setup and develop effective frontend communication with the underlying backend system. The frontend system discussed here uses Python technologies like Streamlit, Gradio or NiceGUI. I takes you through the process of writing effective prompts for generating programs, organise them in folders and tying them up with the backend systems that you miht have developed separately. 
